Mom, are you okay?
How did you manage to escape?
When I equipped them to take me to the hospital
I took the opportunity to escape
Mom, I have submitted your resume for you.
You go for an interview tomorrow
Silently this is
Mom, didn't you always want to be a
A good interior designer?
It's time to pursue your dreams
Silent mother will definitely work hard
OK
I'm not sure if that man is Gu Xiuyuan
Don't tell Silence yet, let's go
Hmph, the interview also brought the child
Really treat the life group as a kindergarten?
It seems that there is no rule that children cannot be brought to the interview, right?
you
Although it is me
Come in with me, mom, come on for the interview
Look at the interviewer's attitude
I know your mother is out of the picture
Humph
Handsome uncle kid
What are you doing here?
Uncle handsome, my mother is here for an interview today
Uncle handsome, do you also work here?
President Ji's board of directors is about to open
So Uncle Shuai is the boss of this company?